feat(changelog): functions-added-ipv6-for-functions 2024-11-21 (#4019)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/november2024/2024-11-21-functions-added-ipv6-for-functions.mdx

---
title: IPv6 for Functions
status: added
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #serverless-functions channel on Slack.'
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2024-11-21
category: serverless
product: functions
---

> Serverless Functions are now compatible in IPv6 environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Serverless Functions are now compatible with IPv6 environments.
```
